README.md, before:

# Bearalpha

![tensorflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=for-the-badge&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white) ![python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-FFD43B?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=blue)

## Introduction

Bearalpha is a portal gate to get access to our work collection. The individual project is saved as submodules and can be downloaded respectively.

## Installation

```shell
git clone https://github.com/ppoak/bearalpha
```

install any submodule by

```shell
cd bearalpha
git submodule update SUBMODULE
```

## Submodules

- [Database](https://github.com/ppoak/database/tree/main)
- [Factor](https://github.com/ppoak/factor/tree/main)
- [Backtest](https://github.com/ppoak/backtest/tree/main)
- [Quool](https://github.com/ppoak/quool/tree/main)
- [Research](https://github.com/ppoak/research/tree/main)

## Plans

The project is under continuously update, a lot of new ideas will be added, and we are looking forward to your great standpoint. Any problem can be come up with a issue, or any data help by email `ppoak@foxmail.com`

Commit message:

FIX/DOC/UPD: Fix some problems
1. Fix the backtrader accessor didn't provide type hint
2. Fix akshare script name may be conficted
3. Add some useful tools from other packages
4. Fix require problem
5. Update README, ready for next release

README.md, after:

# BearAlpha

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-FFD43B?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=blue) ![Scipy](https://img.shields.io/badge/SciPy-654FF0?style=for-the-badge&logo=SciPy&logoColor=white) ![Mysql](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-005C84?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Mariadb](https://img.shields.io/badge/MariaDB-003545?style=for-the-badge&logo=mariadb&logoColor=white) ![Sqlite](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-07405E?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)

## Introduction

Bearalpha is a portal gate to get access to our work collection and at the same time, it is a Quantum toolkit. The individual project is saved as submodules and can be downloaded respectively.

## Installation

```shell
pip install bearalpha
```

If you need to use bearalpha to do statistical work or crawl informations from the web, please use the following command

```shell
pip install bearalpha[stats]
pip install bearalpha[crawl]
```

Also, you can clone this project and the submodule at a time, which provide you the easiest way to use bearalpha and explore the project collections.

```shell
git clone https://github.com/pppoak/BearAlpha --recursive
```

Then, to ensure there is no path problems when using bearalpha, please run:

```shell
pip install -e .
```

In this way, you can also help develop bearalpha, any changes will be sync to your own bearalpha package. And you can create some pull requests to help us improve bearalpha.

## Submodules

- [Factor](https://github.com/ppoak/factor/tree/main)
- [Backtest](https://github.com/ppoak/backtest/tree/main)
- [Research](https://github.com/ppoak/research/tree/main)

## Plans

The project is under continuously update, a lot of new ideas will be added, and we are looking forward to your great standpoint. Any problem can be come up with a issue, or any data help by email `ppoak@foxmail.com`
